README.md, before:

# easy-filter

[中文文档](README.cn.md)

The simple implementation of some angularjs built-in filters in vue.

This package is very small and it only contains nine functions.

[![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Anti%20996-blue.svg)](https://github.com/996icu/996.ICU/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![996.icu](https://img.shields.io/badge/link-996.icu-red.svg)](https://996.icu)

## filter list

- [currency](#currency)
- [date](#date)
- [filter](#filter)
- [json](#json)
- [limitTo](#limitto)
- [lowerCase](#lowercase)
- [number](#number)
- [upperCase](#uppercase)
- [orderBy](#orderby)

## Get start

```bash
# install plugin
npm install easy-filter --save
```

## Usage

Import this plugin.

```js
import easyFilter from "easy-filter";

import Vue from "vue";

Vue.use(easyFilter);

// or use only what you need
import {
  number,
  orderBy
  //...
} from "easy-filter";
Vue.use(number);
Vue.use(orderBy);
```

Use it in a component

## lowerCase

```html
<div>{{ 'Hello' | lowerCase }}</div>
<!-- hello -->
```

## upperCase

```html
<div>{{ 'Hello' | upperCase }}</div>
<!-- HELLO -->
```

## currency

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => $1,000.00 -->
```

Use a different symbol:

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency('¥') }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => ¥1,000.00 -->
```

Use a different number decimal places:

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency('¥', 0) }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => ¥1,000 -->
```

Use a different separator:

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency('¥', 0, {separator: '.'}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => ¥1.000 -->
```

Hide separator

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency('¥', 0, {separator: ''}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => ¥1000 -->
```

Use symbol on right:

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency('¥', 0, {symbolOnLeft: false}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => 1,000¥ -->
```

Add space between amound and symbol:

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency('¥', 0, {addSpace: true}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => ¥ 1,000 -->
```

Open round

```html
<div>{{ 1000.999 | currency('¥', 2, {round: true}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000.999 => ¥1,001.00 -->
```

Close padding

```html
<div>{{ 1000.5 | currency('¥', 2) }}</div>
<!-- 1000.5 => ¥1,000.50 -->
```

```html
<div>{{ 1000.123 | currency('¥', 2, {pad: false}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000.123 => ¥1,000.12 -->
<div>{{ 1000.5 | currency('¥', 2, {pad: false}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000.5 => ¥1,000.5 -->
```

Use multiple options:

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency('¥', 0, {symbolOnLeft: false, addSpace: true}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => 1,000 ¥ -->
```

## date

```html
<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss EEE', 'cn') }}</div>
<!-- 2018-04-08 14:36:05 星期日 -->

<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss EE', 'cn') }}</div>
<!-- 2018-04-08 14:36:05 周日 -->

<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('yyyy') }}</div>
<!-- 2018 -->

<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('yy') }}</div>
<!-- 18 -->

<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('HH:mm:ss') }}</div>
<!-- 14:36:05 -->

<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('hh:mm:ss') }}</div>
<!-- 02:36:05 -->

<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('EEE','en') }}</div>
<!-- Sunday -->

<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('EE','en') }}</div>
<!-- Sun -->

<!-- yyyy、MM、dd、HH、hh、mm、ss、EEE, can be used alone or in combination. -->
```

## filter

```html
<template>
  <div>
    <input type="text" v-model="match" />
    <table>
      <tr>
        <th>name</th>
        <th>age</th>
        <th>sex</th>
      </tr>
      <tr
        v-for="value in filter(personArray, new RegExp(match,'i') )"
        :key="value.id"
      >
        <td v-text="value.name"></td>
        <td v-text="value.age"></td>
        <td v-text="value.sex"></td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    name: "easyFilter.filter",
    data() {
      return {
        match: "",
        personArray: [
          { name: "Kimi", sex: "male", age: 8, id: 1 },
          { name: "Cindy", sex: "female", age: 4, id: 2 },
          { name: "Angela", sex: "female", age: 6, id: 3 },
          { name: "Shitou", sex: "male", age: 7, id: 4 },
          { name: "Tiantian", sex: "male", age: 5, id: 5 }
        ]
      };
    },
    methods: {
      filter(input, match) {
        // Used in js
        return this.easyFilter.filter(input, match);
        // Use of other filters.
        // this.easyFilter.lowerCase('WORLD')
        // this.easyFilter.currency(1000,'¥')
        // this.easyFilter.date(1523169365575,'yy-MM-dd')
        // ...
      }
    },
    // How do you want to improve performance? You can do this.
    computed: {
      usefulData() {
        return this.easyFilter.filter(this.personArray, new RegExp(this.match));
      }
    }
  };
</script>
<!-- 
When you enter 'an' in the input box will show:

name	age	sex
Angela	6	female
Tiantian	5	male
-->
```

The filter can also filter the range conditions.

```js
  // <div v-for="item in filter(personArray, matchFn)" :key="item.id">{{item}}</div>
  data () {
      return {
        personArray: [
          {name: 'Kimi', sex: 'male', age: 8, id: 1},
          {name: 'Cindy', sex: 'female', age: 4, id: 2},
          {name: 'Angela', sex: 'female', age: 6, id: 3},
          {name: 'Shitou', sex: 'male', age: 7, id: 4},
          {name: 'Tiantian', sex: 'male', age: 5, id: 5}
        ]
      }
  },
  methods: {
    matchFn (value) {
    // Select children greater than or equal to 6 years old.
        return value.age >= 6;
    },
    filter (input, matchFn) {
      return this.easyFilter.filter(input, matchFn);
  }
```

## orderBy

```html
<template>
  <div>
    <table>
      <tr>
        <th><button @click="click('name')">name</button></th>
        <th><button @click="click('age')">age</button></th>
        <th><button @click="click('sex')">sex</button></th>
      </tr>
      <tr v-for="value in orderBy(personArray, rule)" :key="value.id">
        <td v-text="value.name"></td>
        <td v-text="value.age"></td>
        <td v-text="value.sex"></td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </div>
</template>
<script>
  export default {
    name: "easyFilter.orderBy",
    data() {
      return {
        personArray: [
          { name: "Kimi", sex: "male", age: 8, id: 1 },
          { name: "Cindy", sex: "female", age: 4, id: 2 },
          { name: "Angela", sex: "female", age: 6, id: 3 },
          { name: "Shitou", sex: "male", age: 7, id: 4 },
          { name: "Tiantian", sex: "male", age: 5, id: 5 }
        ],
        rule: null
      };
    },
    methods: {
      click(rule) {
        this.rule = rule;
      },
      orderBy(input, rule, reverse) {
        return this.easyFilter.orderBy(input, rule, reverse);
      }
      // or
      // orderBy(input, callBack = (v1,v2)=> v1.att > v2.att ? 1 : -1) {
      //   return this.easyFilter.orderBy(input, callBack)
      // }
    }
  };
</script>
<!-- 
When you click on the name.
name	age	sex
Angela	6	female
Cindy	4	female
Kimi	8	male
Shitou	7	male
Tiantian	5	male

When you click age.
name	age	sex
Cindy	4	female
Tiantian	5	male
Angela	6	female
Shitou	7	male
Kimi	8	male

When you click sex.
Cindy	4	female
Angela	6	female
Kimi	8	male
Shitou	7	male
Tiantian	5	male

The above result reverse is undefined.
If reverse is true then the result will be reversed.
You can also add '-' to reverse the results in front of the click parameter.
For example,  <th @click="click('-name')">name</th>.
 -->
```

## json

Json will convert an object into a string using JSON.stringify.

## limitTo

Creates a new array or string containing only a specified number of elements.
The elements are taken from either the beginning of the source array,
string or number.

```js
export default {
  methods: {
    limitTo(input, limit, options) {
      return this.easyFilter.limitTo(input, limit, options);
    }
  }
};
```

The first parameter `input` is the data to be filtered, which can be an array, a number, or a string.

The second parameter is the limit count to limit `input`'s length.

| second parameter |   instructions   |  type  |      default value       |
| :--------------: | :--------------: | :----: | :----------------------: |
|      limit       | Limit the length | number | Number.POSITIVE_INFINITY |

The third parameter is the configuration item which says how do I filter this data.

The fields for the configuration item are:

|      attr      |         instructions          |      type       | default value |
| :------------: | :---------------------------: | :-------------: | :-----------: |
| startWithIndex |    Start counting by index    |     number      |       0       |
|   startWith    |   Start counting by element   |   not number    |   undefined   |
|     ignore     | Elements that are not counted | RegExp , object |   undefined   |
|     cutOut     |        Whether to cut         |     boolean     |     fasle     |

### Example

- Limit the length of a string to no more than 3

```html
<div>{{ 'hello' | limitTo(3) }}</div>
<!-- hel -->
```

- Limit the length of a string to no more than 3 characters starting with the second letter

```html
<div>{{ 'hello' | limitTo(3, {startWithIndex:1}) }}</div>
<!-- hell -->
```

- If you want to cutout the front part you can add cutout

```html
<div>{{ 'hello' | limitTo(3, {startWithIndex:1, cutOut: true}) }}</div>
<!-- ell -->
```

- You can also specify the starting position based on the element

```html
<div>{{ 3.1415 | limitTo(2, {startWith:'.'}) }}</div>
<!-- 3.1 -->
```

- You can ignore it if you don't want irrelevant elements to affect the count

```html
<div>{{ 3.1415 | limitTo(2, {startWith:'.', ignore: /\./}) }}</div>
<!-- 3.14 -->
```

- Displays a number of eight bits of data

```html
<div>{{ 123456789 | limitTo(8, {ignore: /\./}) }}</div>
<!-- 12345678 -->
```

```html
<div>{{ 3.141592653 | limitTo(8, {ignore: /\./}) }}</div>
<!-- 3.1415926 -->
```

- Limit Array

```js
limitTo([1, 2, 3, 4, 5], 2);
// [1,2]
```

```js
limitTo([1, 2, 3, 4, 5], 2, { startWith: 3, cutOut: true });
// [3,4]
```

## number

Format the number into a string.
When you pass in an integer, you will default to one decimal places,
and when you enter a decimal, you will get its string.
You can also change the exact number of digits by passing in parameters,
and set options parameters to determine whether you want to round, and fill in zeros.

@param1 input

@param2 digits

@param3 options {round:false, pad:false}

### Example

No parameter

```html
<div>{{ -0 | number }}</div>
<!-- -0.0 -->
```

```html
<div>{{ 3 | number }}</div>
<!-- 3.0 -->
```

```html
<div>{{ 3.14 | number }}</div>
<!-- 3.14 -->
```

Displays a maximum of 8 decimal places by default and does not round
```html
<div>{{ 0.123456789 | number }}</div>
<!-- 0.12345678 -->
```

Limit digits

```html
<div>{{ 3.1415926 | number(4) }}</div>
<!-- 3.1415 -->
```

Conversion scientific counting

```html
<div>{{ 5.2e-7 | number(8) }}</div>
<!-- 0.00000052 -->
```

Limit digits & Fill zero

```html
<div>{{ 1 | number(2, {pad:true}) }}</div>
<!-- 1.00 -->
```

Limit digits & Rounding

```html
<div>{{ 3.1415 | number(3, {round: true}) }}</div>
<!-- 3.142 -->
```

Display separator

```html
<div>{{ 10000 | number(1, {separator:','}) }}</div>
<!-- 10,000.0 -->
```

Display positive sign

```html
<div>{ { 100.123456 | number(5, {round: true, sign: true}) } }</div>
<!-- +100.12346 -->
```

Limit digits & Fill zero & Rounding

```jsx
var arr = [
  1,
  2.2,
  3.333,
  4.4444,
  5.55555
  ]

<div v-for="num in arr">{{ num | number(3, {pad: true, round: true}) }}</div>

// 1.000
// 2.200
// 3.333
// 4.444
// 5.556
```

## License

[Anti-996 License](LICENSE)

Commit message:

fix number round bug: 3.14e-20|number(20,{round:true}) equal 0

README.md, after:

# easy-filter

[中文文档](README.cn.md)

The simple implementation of some angularjs built-in filters in vue.

This package is very small and it only contains nine functions.

[![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Anti%20996-blue.svg)](https://github.com/996icu/996.ICU/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![996.icu](https://img.shields.io/badge/link-996.icu-red.svg)](https://996.icu)

## filter list

- [currency](#currency)
- [date](#date)
- [filter](#filter)
- [json](#json)
- [limitTo](#limitto)
- [lowerCase](#lowercase)
- [number](#number)
- [upperCase](#uppercase)
- [orderBy](#orderby)

## Get start

```bash
# install plugin
npm install easy-filter --save
```

## Usage

Import this plugin.

```js
import easyFilter from "easy-filter";

import Vue from "vue";

Vue.use(easyFilter);

// or use only what you need
import {
  number,
  orderBy
  //...
} from "easy-filter";
Vue.use(number);
Vue.use(orderBy);
```

Use it in a component

## lowerCase

```html
<div>{{ 'Hello' | lowerCase }}</div>
<!-- hello -->
```

## upperCase

```html
<div>{{ 'Hello' | upperCase }}</div>
<!-- HELLO -->
```

## currency

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => $1,000.00 -->
```

Use a different symbol:

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency('¥') }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => ¥1,000.00 -->
```

Use a different number decimal places:

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency('¥', 0) }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => ¥1,000 -->
```

Use a different separator:

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency('¥', 0, {separator: '.'}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => ¥1.000 -->
```

Hide separator

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency('¥', 0, {separator: ''}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => ¥1000 -->
```

Use symbol on right:

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency('¥', 0, {symbolOnLeft: false}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => 1,000¥ -->
```

Add space between amound and symbol:

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency('¥', 0, {addSpace: true}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => ¥ 1,000 -->
```

Open round

```html
<div>{{ 1000.999 | currency('¥', 2, {round: true}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000.999 => ¥1,001.00 -->
```

Close padding

```html
<div>{{ 1000.5 | currency('¥', 2) }}</div>
<!-- 1000.5 => ¥1,000.50 -->
```

```html
<div>{{ 1000.123 | currency('¥', 2, {pad: false}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000.123 => ¥1,000.12 -->
<div>{{ 1000.5 | currency('¥', 2, {pad: false}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000.5 => ¥1,000.5 -->
```

Use multiple options:

```html
<div>{{ 1000 | currency('¥', 0, {symbolOnLeft: false, addSpace: true}) }}</div>
<!-- 1000 => 1,000 ¥ -->
```

## date

```html
<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss EEE', 'cn') }}</div>
<!-- 2018-04-08 14:36:05 星期日 -->

<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss EE', 'cn') }}</div>
<!-- 2018-04-08 14:36:05 周日 -->

<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('yyyy') }}</div>
<!-- 2018 -->

<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('yy') }}</div>
<!-- 18 -->

<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('HH:mm:ss') }}</div>
<!-- 14:36:05 -->

<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('hh:mm:ss') }}</div>
<!-- 02:36:05 -->

<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('EEE','en') }}</div>
<!-- Sunday -->

<div>{{ 1523169365575 | date('EE','en') }}</div>
<!-- Sun -->

<!-- yyyy、MM、dd、HH、hh、mm、ss、EEE, can be used alone or in combination. -->
```

## filter

```html
<template>
  <div>
    <input type="text" v-model="match" />
    <table>
      <tr>
        <th>name</th>
        <th>age</th>
        <th>sex</th>
      </tr>
      <tr
        v-for="value in filter(personArray, new RegExp(match,'i') )"
        :key="value.id"
      >
        <td v-text="value.name"></td>
        <td v-text="value.age"></td>
        <td v-text="value.sex"></td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </div>
</template>

<script>
  export default {
    name: "easyFilter.filter",
    data() {
      return {
        match: "",
        personArray: [
          { name: "Kimi", sex: "male", age: 8, id: 1 },
          { name: "Cindy", sex: "female", age: 4, id: 2 },
          { name: "Angela", sex: "female", age: 6, id: 3 },
          { name: "Shitou", sex: "male", age: 7, id: 4 },
          { name: "Tiantian", sex: "male", age: 5, id: 5 }
        ]
      };
    },
    methods: {
      filter(input, match) {
        // Used in js
        return this.easyFilter.filter(input, match);
        // Use of other filters.
        // this.easyFilter.lowerCase('WORLD')
        // this.easyFilter.currency(1000,'¥')
        // this.easyFilter.date(1523169365575,'yy-MM-dd')
        // ...
      }
    },
    // How do you want to improve performance? You can do this.
    computed: {
      usefulData() {
        return this.easyFilter.filter(this.personArray, new RegExp(this.match));
      }
    }
  };
</script>
<!-- 
When you enter 'an' in the input box will show:

name	age	sex
Angela	6	female
Tiantian	5	male
-->
```

The filter can also filter the range conditions.

```js
  // <div v-for="item in filter(personArray, matchFn)" :key="item.id">{{item}}</div>
  data () {
      return {
        personArray: [
          {name: 'Kimi', sex: 'male', age: 8, id: 1},
          {name: 'Cindy', sex: 'female', age: 4, id: 2},
          {name: 'Angela', sex: 'female', age: 6, id: 3},
          {name: 'Shitou', sex: 'male', age: 7, id: 4},
          {name: 'Tiantian', sex: 'male', age: 5, id: 5}
        ]
      }
  },
  methods: {
    matchFn (value) {
    // Select children greater than or equal to 6 years old.
        return value.age >= 6;
    },
    filter (input, matchFn) {
      return this.easyFilter.filter(input, matchFn);
  }
```

## orderBy

```html
<template>
  <div>
    <table>
      <tr>
        <th><button @click="click('name')">name</button></th>
        <th><button @click="click('age')">age</button></th>
        <th><button @click="click('sex')">sex</button></th>
      </tr>
      <tr v-for="value in orderBy(personArray, rule)" :key="value.id">
        <td v-text="value.name"></td>
        <td v-text="value.age"></td>
        <td v-text="value.sex"></td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </div>
</template>
<script>
  export default {
    name: "easyFilter.orderBy",
    data() {
      return {
        personArray: [
          { name: "Kimi", sex: "male", age: 8, id: 1 },
          { name: "Cindy", sex: "female", age: 4, id: 2 },
          { name: "Angela", sex: "female", age: 6, id: 3 },
          { name: "Shitou", sex: "male", age: 7, id: 4 },
          { name: "Tiantian", sex: "male", age: 5, id: 5 }
        ],
        rule: null
      };
    },
    methods: {
      click(rule) {
        this.rule = rule;
      },
      orderBy(input, rule, reverse) {
        return this.easyFilter.orderBy(input, rule, reverse);
      }
      // or
      // orderBy(input, callBack = (v1,v2)=> v1.att > v2.att ? 1 : -1) {
      //   return this.easyFilter.orderBy(input, callBack)
      // }
    }
  };
</script>
<!-- 
When you click on the name.
name	age	sex
Angela	6	female
Cindy	4	female
Kimi	8	male
Shitou	7	male
Tiantian	5	male

When you click age.
name	age	sex
Cindy	4	female
Tiantian	5	male
Angela	6	female
Shitou	7	male
Kimi	8	male

When you click sex.
Cindy	4	female
Angela	6	female
Kimi	8	male
Shitou	7	male
Tiantian	5	male

The above result reverse is undefined.
If reverse is true then the result will be reversed.
You can also add '-' to reverse the results in front of the click parameter.
For example,  <th @click="click('-name')">name</th>.
 -->
```

## json

Json will convert an object into a string using JSON.stringify.

## limitTo

Creates a new array or string containing only a specified number of elements.
The elements are taken from either the beginning of the source array,
string or number.

```js
export default {
  methods: {
    limitTo(input, limit, options) {
      return this.easyFilter.limitTo(input, limit, options);
    }
  }
};
```

The first parameter `input` is the data to be filtered, which can be an array, a number, or a string.

The second parameter is the limit count to limit `input`'s length.

| second parameter |   instructions   |  type  |      default value       |
| :--------------: | :--------------: | :----: | :----------------------: |
|      limit       | Limit the length | number | Number.POSITIVE_INFINITY |

The third parameter is the configuration item which says how do I filter this data.

The fields for the configuration item are:

|      attr      |         instructions          |      type       | default value |
| :------------: | :---------------------------: | :-------------: | :-----------: |
| startWithIndex |    Start counting by index    |     number      |       0       |
|   startWith    |   Start counting by element   |   not number    |   undefined   |
|     ignore     | Elements that are not counted | RegExp , object |   undefined   |
|     cutOut     |        Whether to cut         |     boolean     |     fasle     |

### Example

- Limit the length of a string to no more than 3

```html
<div>{{ 'hello' | limitTo(3) }}</div>
<!-- hel -->
```

- Limit the length of a string to no more than 3 characters starting with the second letter

```html
<div>{{ 'hello' | limitTo(3, {startWithIndex:1}) }}</div>
<!-- hell -->
```

- If you want to cutout the front part you can add cutout

```html
<div>{{ 'hello' | limitTo(3, {startWithIndex:1, cutOut: true}) }}</div>
<!-- ell -->
```

- You can also specify the starting position based on the element

```html
<div>{{ 3.1415 | limitTo(2, {startWith:'.'}) }}</div>
<!-- 3.1 -->
```

- You can ignore it if you don't want irrelevant elements to affect the count

```html
<div>{{ 3.1415 | limitTo(2, {startWith:'.', ignore: /\./}) }}</div>
<!-- 3.14 -->
```

- Displays a number of eight bits of data

```html
<div>{{ 123456789 | limitTo(8, {ignore: /\./}) }}</div>
<!-- 12345678 -->
```

```html
<div>{{ 3.141592653 | limitTo(8, {ignore: /\./}) }}</div>
<!-- 3.1415926 -->
```

- Limit Array

```js
limitTo([1, 2, 3, 4, 5], 2);
// [1,2]
```

```js
limitTo([1, 2, 3, 4, 5], 2, { startWith: 3, cutOut: true });
// [3,4]
```

## number

Format the number into a string.
When you pass in an integer, you will default to one decimal places,
and when you enter a decimal, you will get its string.
You can also change the exact number of digits by passing in parameters,
and set options parameters to determine whether you want to round, and fill in zeros.

@param1 input

@param2 digits

@param3 options {round:false, pad:false}

### Example

No parameter

```html
<div>{{ -0 | number }}</div>
<!-- -0.0 -->
```

```html
<div>{{ 3 | number }}</div>
<!-- 3.0 -->
```

```html
<div>{{ 3.14 | number }}</div>
<!-- 3.14 -->
```

Displays a maximum of 8 decimal places by default and does not round
```html
<div>{{ 0.123456789 | number }}</div>
<!-- 0.12345678 -->
```

Limit digits

```html
<div>{{ 3.1415926 | number(4) }}</div>
<!-- 3.1415 -->
```

Conversion scientific counting

```html
<div>{{ 5.2e-7 | number(8) }}</div>
<!-- 0.00000052 -->
```

Limit digits & Fill zero

```html
<div>{{ 1 | number(2, {pad:true}) }}</div>
<!-- 1.00 -->
```

Limit digits & Rounding

```html
<div>{{ 3.1415 | number(3, {round: true}) }}</div>
<!-- 3.142 -->
```

Display separator

```html
<div>{{ 10000 | number(1, {separator:','}) }}</div>
<!-- 10,000.0 -->
```

Display positive sign

```html
<div>{ { 100.123456 | number(5, {round: true, sign: true}) } }</div>
<!-- +100.12346 -->
```

Limit digits & Fill zero & Rounding

```jsx
var arr = [
  1,
  2.2,
  3.333,
  4.4444,
  5.55555
  ]

<div v-for="num in arr">{{ num | number(3, {pad: true, round: true}) }}</div>

// 1.000
// 2.200
// 3.333
// 4.444
// 5.556
```

More than 8 decimal places need to pass in the number of parameters

```html
<div>{{ 3.14e-20 | number(21) }}</div>
<!-- 0.000000000000000000031 -->
```

## License

[Anti-996 License](LICENSE)
